1\. Enter kraken.com in your browser address bar.

2\. Click on "Create Account" button from the top menu bar.

![](.//media/image1.png){width="6.402597331583552in"
height="3.017361111111111in"}----

3\. Enter your Email and choose a username and password for yourself.
After choosing your country and agreeing to "terms of service" click on
"Create Account" button.

![](.//media/image2.png){width="6.499332895888014in"
height="3.050955818022747in"}

4\. Open your email inbox and enter the Code that has been sent to you
in the next page and click on "Activate account"

![](.//media/image3.png){width="6.499305555555556in"
height="3.0316262029746284in"}

5\. Now you are signed in. before buying crypto, you need to verify your
account. Click on the "verify account" button. It will take only about
10 minutes.

![](.//media/image4.png){width="6.402597331583552in" height="3.0375in"}

6\. Now you should verify the starter mode of your account. Click on the
"verify" button under "starter".

![](.//media/image5.png){width="6.376622922134733in"
height="3.044348206474191in"}

7\. In the next page you should enter needed information and then click
on "continue".

![](.//media/image6.png){width="6.389610673665792in"
height="3.0124398512685913in"}

8\. Then you will be redirected to the first verify page. The button
under starter is in the pending mode. You should wait 2 minutes at most
and refresh the page to see that you are verified. After that, click on
"verify" button under Intermediate mode.

![](.//media/image7.png){width="6.402597331583552in"
height="3.0379155730533682in"}

9\. Enter your occupation from the menu and then click on "continue"
button.

![](.//media/image8.png){width="6.498647200349956in"
height="3.0254779090113737in"}

10\. After that, you need to choose your Identity document type. It
could be either Passport, Driver's license or Id card. Then a box would
appear and you should upload the picture of your chosen document.

![](.//media/image9.png){width="6.389610673665792in" height="3.03125in"}

11\. In the next step you should upload a proof of residence document.
After that you will see a success message and then you should click on
"Continue" button. The acceptance of verification will take up to 5
minutes.

![](.//media/image10.png){width="6.389583333333333in"
height="3.031182195975503in"}

12\. After completing the verification you have two options for buying
crypto:

NOTE: You need to buy Tether (USDT) because that is what we accept.

![](.//media/image11.png){width="6.402597331583552in"
height="3.0381944444444446in"}

A: Click on "Buy Crypto" (It's a little easier):

a\. Click on "Buy" button.

![](.//media/image12.png){width="6.509722222222222in"
height="3.64751968503937in"}

b\. Choose Tether USD (USDT)

![](.//media/image13.jpeg)

c\. Click on "Pay with"

![](.//media/image14.jpeg)![](.//media/image15.jpeg)d. Click on "Add a
credit or debit card"

e\. In the next step, import your card's information and then click on
"Continue". Then choose the added card and click on "OK".

![](.//media/image16.jpeg)

f\. Now you should type your needed amount of USDT.

NOTE: You should also consider the final transfer fee (about 2.5 USD) on
your needed amount. ![](.//media/image17.jpeg)

g\. In the next page, you should confirm the purchase and then USDT is
in your wallet. ![](.//media/image18.jpeg)

B. Click on "Funding":

a\. In the next page, click on "Deposit" button and choose your cash
type. It would be much easier if you choose the cash type of your
country.

![](.//media/image19.png){width="6.402597331583552in"
height="3.033209755030621in"}

b\. In the next page Enter your needed amount and choose the deposit
method. Choose the option with zero or the lowest fee. (Consider fee
amount on your final amount)

![](.//media/image20.png){width="6.428571741032371in"
height="3.079861111111111in"}

c\. After completing the transaction, click on "Trade". In the Trade
page click on "Market" and then choose USDT and your preferred currency
and then click on "Trade" button.

![](.//media/image21.jpeg)

d\. Now click on "Buy" and in the "Volume" field, type your needed
amount of USDT. Also put the order type in "Market" mode. Then click on
"Buy USDT with ..."

![](.//media/image22.jpeg)NOTE: You should also consider the final
transfer fee (about 2.5 USD) on your needed amount.

e\. Now click on "Submit Order" button and you will have your needed
amount of USDT in your account. ![](.//media/image23.jpeg)

13\. Again Click on "Funding" button from the top menu bar and in the
opened page go to Tether USD and click on Withdraw
icon.![](.//media/image24.jpeg)

14\. In the next page open Withdrawal type drop down and choose Tether
USD

CAUTION: You MUST choose this type for "gamein wallet address" otherwise
your money will be gone and no one can return it.
![](.//media/image25.jpeg)

15\. Then click on "Add new withdrawal address". In the opened window
type an address description and then go to the Gamein page and copy the
TRC20 Address and paste it here. Then click on "Add withdrawal address".

![15](.//media/image26.jpeg){width="6.5in" height="3.7in"}

CAUTION: You should be very careful that the address is completely true
and as same as the given address Otherwise your money will be lost.

16\. Then a mail would be sent to your email and you should confirm the
added address for using it.

![](.//media/image27.jpeg)

17\. After the confirmation, choose the Gamein address in the
"Withdrawal address" field. Then in the "Withdrawal amount" field type
the Gamein subscription price (10 USDT) PLUS withdrawal fee that you can
see at the bottom of the page. Then click on purple Withdraw button.

NOTE: It means that on the Withdraw button, you should see "Withdraw 10
USDT"![](.//media/image28.jpeg)

18\. After you confirmed the transaction you will see the transaction
record in the right "Recent transaction" section.
![](.//media/image29.jpeg)

19\. Click on the ID of the transaction and this window would be opened.
We need you to copy the "Transaction ID" by clicking on the cope icon
right next to it and then paste it in the "Transaction ID (TXhash)"
field in the Gamein subscription page. ![](.//media/image30.jpeg)

20\. Now click on ... and wait for us to confirm the transaction and
your subscription success. You will be informed by an email. If after
one hour your transaction hasn't been successful, you will be informed
and you will need to get in touch with our support team for solving the
problem.
